so I posted a video on how good those
little space heaters work and somebody
gave me a good idea to see actually how
warm they hit because toasty is not an
actual temperature of learning so I'm
gonna go in and and figure that out it's
currently 42 degrees outside so it's
it's not great but it's not a terrible
terrible
so I'm inside and as you can see I keep
this little thermometer here and it's
saying it's 70 degrees in here and it's
been there's the there's the heater
there and it's been sitting hanging in
this bag so it's saying it's 70 in here
it feels that warm but I will leave that
out I guess I'll set it there so it's
about three feet as I said that says
right about 70 degrees and I've had this
running in here for about four hours so
it's nice and comfortable in here
I will leave that set for another hour
and I'll come back and see if it warms
it up even further okay I told you it's
about 40 to 43 now it's raining but it's
been about an hour and I'm gonna check
out how the temperature is going on this
okay I'm inside and when I said before
if this has been running for hours
probably been about five at that point
so another hour it's been about six and
I did notice that I didn't close my vent
so with the vent now close that will
help keep the cool and you know the hot
air from getting out and the temperature
has stayed probably going to about
that's close to 80 so it's doing quite
well and that's just one of them going
my bigger one here still in the box
I've used it before there's just no need
for it so yes youtubers even when it
gets extra cold colder than this you can
keep your RV especially a small Class B
like this you don't have a lot of area
to keep warm it'll do a good job have a
great and wonderful day